
Roadmap
=======

This document outlines the roadmap for future feature development. The list of features is provided in no particular
order. The goal of this document is to reduce the number of feature requests and show, what will come in 
future versions.

Upcoming Next Version
---------------------

The next version will be: **1.0**

### Development

- Fixing all found issues in 0.9beta.
- Finalizing and polishing the existing features from 0.9beta.

### Features

- Transformer profile export/import in JSON format.
- Example profiles to the transformer.
- More placeholders to place preformatted  
- Add a view to see and copy existing transformations of a project.
- Display a preview of the transformer settings in the overview.

Planed Features
---------------

The following list contains planed features in no particular order. 

- Warning if imported document use a different size unit or splitting range than existing ones.
- Automatically recommend size unit and range from previous documents in project.
- Allow a transformer to warn if the splitting unit / size range may not be suitable for it.
- Splitting recommendations (min./max. updates when the splitting unit is selected).
- "Re-splitting" a whole project/document selection, allow to change fraction size when creating a new revision.
- Import/Export from GIT repositories
- Revert function on document level to revert all fragments of one or more documents back to the original state.
- Preview functionality for transformer modules that allow to show e.g. cost predictions.
- Status display that is showing transformations running in the background.
- Live log view, showing log lines generated by running tasks.
- Add a "check" or "verify" feature, where a LLM just checks text and marks found text parts.

